https://github.com/code27dev/Git-for-Web-Development-Project.git

1. What is Semantic HTML? markup is HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.
   2. What is HTML used for? is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web. Each page contains a series of connections to other pages called hyperlinks
   3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behavior.
   4. What is the h1 tag used for? h1 is for the header which should be the key words of the site to easily use in a search engine. How many times should I use it on a page? once
   5. Name two tags that have required attributes <area> <address>
   6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
   7. What is an id? The id attribute is a unique identifier which is used to specify the document.
   8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
   9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You can only have one ID per element 
   10. What is a class? attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
   11. What elements can I add a class to? unique elements
   12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times on a page.
   13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="url">link text</a>
   14. What is the alt attribute used for? Specifies an alternate text when the original element fails to display
   15. How do I reference an id? on html 
   16. What is the difference between a section and a div The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document.The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.
   17. What is CSS used for? to put style to the web page
   18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page .h2 {}
   19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   In the CSS, a class selector is a name preceded by a full stop (“.”) and an ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”). The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
   example like a class roster or food list.
   20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
   21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
   22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it is a group or list. this will be useful when trying to call out a name in the list.
   23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
   24. What is a pseudo selector?  is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s)
   25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
   26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
   27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?   text-transform: capitalize;  text-transform: lowercase;  text-transform: uppercase;
   28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Outline-style, outline-color, outline-width
   29. How do I select everything on the page? *
   30. How do I write a comment in CSS? you start a comment with /* , and end it with */
   31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
   32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
   33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Rm when using this it is permanent without any warning. 
   34. Why should I use version control? 
   35. How often should I commit to github? Every time something is changed.
   36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  
   37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

